Migration guide and tsx templates (#925)
Financial-Times/origami: components/o-header/MIGRATION.md

# Migration Guide

## Migrating from v10 to v11

> o-header v11 includes markup changes in drawer menu. v10 drawer menu used to render all list items under one tag:
> ```html
> <nav>
> 	<ul>
> 	<!-- more list items without heading -->
> 	</ul>
> </nav>
> ```
> But drawer menu can display visually grouped items within the nav. so we updated markup to use semantically correct html. This approach also improves the accessibility of the drawer menu and users who use screen readers will get the same structure, information, and relationships between content as sighted users are provided with visual styling. v11 uses multiple `ul` tags inside nav tag and for heading we use `h2` tags which is used to describe list groupings for assistive technologies. v11 markup:
> 
> ```html
> <nav>
> 	<h2 id="o-header-drawer-top-sections" id='top-sections'>Top sections</h2>
> 	<ul aria-labelledby="top-sections">
> 	    <!-- list items -->
> 	</ul>
> 	<h2 id="o-header-drawer-top-sections" id='ft-recommends'>FT recommends</h2>
> 	<ul aria-labelledby="ft-recommends">
> 	    <!-- list items -->
> 	</ul>
> 	<!-- more list items without heading -->
> 	<ul>
> 	<!-- more list items without heading -->
> 	</ul>
> </nav>
> ```
> We also renamed css class `o-header__drawer-menu-item--divide` from to `o-header__drawer-menu-list--divide` and now it applies on `ul` inside our `nav` tag instead of applying it on separate list items.
> 
> 

Reviewer: This is thorough and informative but perhaps a little wordy for a migration guide. Some of the broader content and justification for the changes would be excellent in a blog post or changelog. However a user following a migration guide needs clear instruction, to follow migration steps quickly without missing anything. So instead of "markup has changed from x to y" it might be better to provide an instruction "update your markup from x to y". Techniques which can help also include headings and lists, which makes it easier to scan the changes and follow steps methodically.

I've taken your content and adjusted it with that in mind as an example. What do you think? 

```suggestion
o-header v11 includes markup changes in drawer menu. Update your markup as described below or [use o-header's tsx template](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami/tree/main/components/o-header/src/tsx).

### Markup visual drawer headings

Update your drawer markup to semantically represent visually grouped navigation items. This approach improves the experience for users of assistive technologies.

1. Split the drawer `ul` into multiple lists.
2. Add a `h2` tag to describe each list.
3. Associate both elements with the `aria-labelledby` attribute.

Before:
```html
<nav>
	<ul>
	<!-- more list items without heading -->
	</ul>
</nav>
```

After:
```html
<nav>
	<h2 id="o-header-drawer-top-sections" id='top-sections'>Top sections</h2>
	<ul aria-labelledby="top-sections">
	    <!-- list items -->
	</ul>
	<h2 id="o-header-drawer-top-sections" id='ft-recommends'>FT recommends</h2>
	<ul aria-labelledby="ft-recommends">
	    <!-- list items -->
	</ul>
	<!-- more list items without heading -->
	<ul>
	<!-- more list items without heading -->
	</ul>
</nav>
```

### Markup drawer divider

Remove the CSS class `o-header__drawer-menu-item--divide` from the last menu item in a list and apply `o-header__drawer-menu-list--divide`to the list instead.
```
